[18.0][MIG] product_pricelist_revision: Migration to 18.0 (#1791)
OCA/product-attribute: product_pricelist_revision/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

1.  Go to *Sales \> Products \> Pricelists* and create a new Price List.
2.  Add a Pricelist Items to that Price List. Set 'Fix Price' value on

>     the field 'Compute Price' and set a fixed price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Add a Pricelist Items to that Price List. Set 'Fixed Price' value on
    the field 'Price type' and set a fixed price.
```

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16b459f1-d6b3-420d-aa45-07d12f918c5f)
